[Music]
hello everybody welcome back to my
channel so for today's video I'm
actually doing a behind-the-scenes
because I'm gonna play today and four
o'clock we need to be at the theater at
5:45 and so I'm just gonna have doom I'm
gonna do my makeup and kind of explain
to you what all is going on so the play
that my school is doing is it's a
Wonderful Life and this is our Christmas
time performance and the thing that my
school is when we do place it's for and
I'm sorry if I look over here but I
gotta get ready
instead of fundraisers we do a play and
then the tickets are a little bit more
pricey if you've never seen It's a
Wonderful Life it is such a heartwarming
play um well it's a movie it's one of
the Christmas classics and it's about
this guy named George Bailey's and
something happens where an angel comes
down to earth and like saves is like
what the angel does is make it so it's
as if you were never born and then that
he goes around and like sees the effects
of him not being born and it's just very
a very hard-wearing play that gets you
in the Christmas spirit
we practice from 9:30 this morning til 3
o'clock and 1 okay I hate to dust from
9:30 to 3 o'clock to finish the plane
the play is supposed to be two hours I
will take you guys backstage with me to
show you everything that's going on and
what it's like to be part of this play
so I'm gonna try to get ready did you
guys back up I did my makeup that's kind
of it looks like I just used some like
neutral tone through my eyelid and then
I contoured and highlighted that look
pretty bad but it's okay because I'm
gonna be on stage I'm an angel this is
my outfit just a sheet that we Jimmy
write to look like a toga and then this
like gold material stuff don't want your
wine so I'm gonna dress from Amazon
because one more update before I leave
for the theater I'm just added a little
bit more to my eye right there so we're
headed to the theatres I love my makeup
you guys it looks really good
[Music]
do you guys have Sharpie so we can use
how's it going Haley I'm Clarence the
angel trap for you you can't put that
online now this is a family friendly
blog
[Music]
how you feeling one to really know how
kids are being loud hey guys tejada
pretzels you're about to say goodbye
[Music]
good luck what else does she do play
just ended I'm gonna go ahead and
[Music]
hey guys so I just wanted to go ahead
and update you so I just got back home
from the play and everything went so
well if you if I didn't tell you already
we actually did not get to go through
like a actual dress for the her Sulli
the practice it was crazy and I we just
like had no time in between the day of
the performance that morning was the
first time that we were practicing in
the theater that we're doing it and this
tonight so it was kind of crazy
but everything turned out and it went so
well and I'm sure I put some clips in so
you could see a little bit of what
happened but yeah our musical numbers
went really well
our a cappella choir did a awesome job
and had people laughing so that was so
much fun and I just love these plays
that we do and Christmastime in general
so I really guys I really guys I'm tired
I really hope you guys enjoyed this
video I would love if you'd come back
next week for my next one I love that
you were watching this video if you're
gonna say something you might as well
just come to make an appearance
yep so it's it's also Thursday we did
the planner Thursday and we have school
tomorrow so that's gonna be it so yeah
[Applause]
by your dreams then keep me quiet
I just need to end really quick thank
you guys so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed please hit the
subscribe button
yeah make it once again thanks and
you're gonna light me thanks again guys
tell your friends funny okay yeah so
actually bye peace out
see you next Tuesday
[Music]